README.md, before:

# Science Analytics Wikipedia

This repository contains information and code concerning Science Analytics Wikipedia.

### documents

- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QBe9mvq0BlYRzYDi0ul97GLRB8nibWsjxA7uUFYTino
- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1so4jyyjT62wzqMe_l7rpa94QhAWurNtSYed2oGSphoM/edit#gid=0

### cvs

- proposals-in-progress/BMBF-indikatorik-19-today
- research-in-progress/computational-social-science/CONF-20/science-analytics-wikipedia

### code

- read xml file of revision history of Wikipedia article
- read bibliography csv
- track bibentry value occurance in revision history
- write results to file and plot timelines
- plot revision and bibliography distribution
- read timeline csv (timeline subdirectory; deprecated)

### data

- CRISPR_en.xml: revision history of English Wikipedia article on CRISPR
- CRISPR_de.xml: revision history of German Wikipedia article on CRISPR
- Referenzen_crispr_cas.csv: bibliography related to Crispr Cas
- Timeline_Crispr_Cas.ods: ODS version of Crispr Cas timeline by Marion
- Timeline_Crispr_Cas.csv: CSV version of Crispr Cas timeline by Marion

### results

- sample extractions and plots of English Wikipedia article CRISPR

### notes

- revision histories of up to 1000 edits can be extracted via https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Export and https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spezial:Exportieren respectively

Commit message:

Refactor scraper, add compression
Former-commit-id: d6b828cab5695a295c8e9e5a1fcedd2328dce7af

README.md, after:

# Science Analytics Wikipedia

This repository contains information and code concerning Science Analytics Wikipedia.

### documents

- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QBe9mvq0BlYRzYDi0ul97GLRB8nibWsjxA7uUFYTino
- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1so4jyyjT62wzqMe_l7rpa94QhAWurNtSYed2oGSphoM/edit#gid=0

### cvs

- proposals-in-progress/BMBF-indikatorik-19-today
- research-in-progress/computational-social-science/CONF-20/science-analytics-wikipedia

### code

- read xml file of revision history of Wikipedia article
- read bibliography csv
- track bibentry value occurance in revision history
- write results to file and plot timelines
- plot revision and bibliography distribution
- read timeline csv (timeline subdirectory; deprecated)
- scraper to get all revisions of an article from wikipedia as line JSON

### data

- CRISPR_en.xml: revision history of English Wikipedia article on CRISPR
- CRISPR_de.xml: revision history of German Wikipedia article on CRISPR
- Referenzen_crispr_cas.csv: bibliography related to Crispr Cas
- Timeline_Crispr_Cas.ods: ODS version of Crispr Cas timeline by Marion
- Timeline_Crispr_Cas.csv: CSV version of Crispr Cas timeline by Marion

### results

- sample extractions and plots of English Wikipedia article CRISPR

### notes

- revision histories of up to 1000 edits can be extracted via https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Export and https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spezial:Exportieren respectively
